VimRCG [VimRC Generator]
========================

VimRCG is an attempt to provide a ready-to-go VIM configuration that can be
downloaded via `curl`, `wget`, etc.

    $ curl https://vimrc.org/generate > ~/.vimrc; vim +PlugInstall +q

At the moment, the generated Vim configuration is a port of my existing Vim
configuration, and may have several quirks and random mappings (maybe?).

This project hopes that the community will contribute in adapting the generated
Vim configuration for general use, so that new users as well as experienced
users can get started with VIM in a moment.

API Documentation
-----------------

### GET /generate

Generate VIM configuration with all bells and whistles. Response is `plain-text`
and can be downloaded via `curl`, `wget`, etc. to replace `~/.vimrc` file.

### GET /generate?only=sane_defaults,startup_screen

Generate a VIM configuration comprising of only the topics listed above.
Required topics like `variables`, `plugin_manager`, etc. are always returned, so
as to ensure that the generated VIM config is usable.

### GET /generate?exclude=macosx

This endpoint can be used when you want to exclude topics from the generated VIM
configuration, e.g. you may not want to include `macosx` topic in a vim config
solely being used on Linux systems. Or, in cases, when you may not want to
include a particular feature, like `startup_screen`.

### GET /topics.json

VIM configuration generated by `/generate` endpoint is broken into several
`topics`. You can grab a list of all such topics via this endpoint. Each topic
is accompanied with metadata, and sections.

A topic is identified via its name, or via an index. `/generate` endpoint uses
`index` to place them accordingly in the generated configuration.

A topic is, further, divided into `sections`. Section, here, is a granular unit
of vim config that provides a particular feature to the editor. Sections have
a list of features it provides, and the accompanying code.

### GET /topics.json?list=1

Return a JSON array of all topic names available.

### GET /topics.json?only=sane_defaults,macosx

Return a JSON comprising of only the topics listed above. Required topics likes
`variables`, etc. are not returned unless mentioned explicitely.

### GET /sections.json?only=\<key\>

**INTERNAL API**

Return a JSON comprising of specific sections only. The `key` parameter is
calculated in a specific way:

- Calculate `section_id` for each section:
  
        # assuming we want to target 7th section in a topic
        section_id = "%04d" % (topic.index * 100 + 6)

- Join all such `section_id`s to create a string. This is the `key` parameter.

I am open to any suggestions that eases out requesting particular sections.
